This page shows ideas and random thoughts that may be useful now or in the future :D

  * A visual way to define a grammar for formulas should be defined. This would allow to define "cut lines" which the matching software should use to divide an image. In the image, you should define areas in which a given operator, a children formula, or nothing, is expected which would have to appear in a given image. Also, we would have to be able to define how the operators and children formulas are translated into LaTeX and MathML.
    * Instead of cutting lines, it would be more useful to simply show spacial relations between formulas and symbols etc. A variable size grid could be used, and in each cell a token or subformula or blank space should be selected. The way to store this information should be a directed graph indicating the order in which elements should be processed. Actual matching would be done by having all symbols ordered by their leftmost edge, and processing them from left to right.
      * The grammar thing will be implemented, although it will not be editable by de user, but defined in code directly, as all the possible kind of formulas aren't so different. Tonkens may be editable, so the user can add new operators and/or function names. The gramar structure should have a Rules class per formula kind, with a name and a list of RuleBody subclasses. A RuleBody subclass may contain any number of Subformula (composed by the formula name and it's position respect to another symbol in the formula, and if it is required) or Tokens (containing the position and if it is mandatory, too). This allow custom processing of symbols. It will require to define one of the tokes as the one we will be searching for.

  * For the RootRuleBody, we will use the root symbol's horizontal bar's leftmost pixel X coordinate as the column we will be using to decide about which tokens are part of the Roots's index and inside function.